Add developing MindMeld section (#114)
cisco/mindmeld: README.md

Note: this web client only works on Chrome browser.

> ## Developing with MindMeld

Reviewer: How to contribute to the Mindmeld platform:

> We welcome every contribution to MindMeld platform!

Reviewer: We are very happy to receive and merge your contributions. You can start off with looking at the open issues here: https://github.com/cisco/mindmeld/issues. You can also create your own issue and link it to your code fix in a pull request, which we will promptly review.

To setup local development for MindMeld, first you will need to fork the MindMeld repository from GitHub and follow instructions on [Getting Started](http://www.mindmeld.com/docs/userguide/getting_started.html) page to 

```
git clone git@github.com:[username]/mindmeld.git
cd mindmeld
virtualenv -p python3 .
source bin/activate
```

For local development we recommend using Python 3.6 and above since one of our linters ([Black](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)) is available only for Python 3.6 and above. To install and manage different versions of Python, you can checkout [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) which also works with ``virtualenv``.

Now we can install `mindmeld` and its dependency:

```
pip install -e .
pip install -r dev-requirements.txt
pip install -r test-requirements.txt
```

> Finally we ae ready to run MindMeld static style checks and unit tests. Make sure that the numerical parser and Elasticsearch is running in the background.

Reviewer: Make sure that the numerical parser and Elasticsearch is running in the background (https://www.mindmeld.com/docs/userguide/getting_started.html#install-with-docker). Next, run MindMeld static style checks and unit tests.

```
./lintme
cd tests
pytest .
```

> After all changes are made and all tests are passed locally, save them in git commits and send the PR against the original repository.

Reviewer: After all changes are made and all tests are passed locally, commit the code changes and issue a PR against the cisco/mindmeld repo.

Note: this web client only works on Chrome browser.

> ## How to contribute to the Mindmeld platform:

Reviewer: `Mindmeld ` -> `MindMeld `

> We are very happy to receive your contributions. We maintain the list of [open issues](https://github.com/cisco/mindmeld/issues) on our GitHub project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are very happy to receive your contributions. We maintain a list of [open issues](https://github.com/cisco/mindmeld/issues) on our GitHub project.
```

You can also create your own issue and link it to your code in a pull request, which we will promptly review.

> To setup local development for MindMeld, first you will need to fork the MindMeld repository from GitHub and follow instructions on [Getting Started](http://www.mindmeld.com/docs/userguide/getting_started.html) page to 

Reviewer 2: page to...

> To setup local development for MindMeld, first you will need to fork the MindMeld repository from GitHub and follow instructions on [Getting Started](http://www.mindmeld.com/docs/userguide/getting_started.html) page to setup the virutal environment.

Reviewer: `virutal ` -> `virtual `

Reviewer: `MindMeld ` -> `Mindmeld`

Reviewer: We maintain a list of ..

```
git clone git@github.com:[username]/mindmeld.git
cd mindmeld
virtualenv -p python3 .
source bin/activate
```

> For local development we recommend using Python 3.6 and above since one of our linters ([Black](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)) is available only for Python 3.6 and above. To install and manage different versions of Python, you can checkout [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) which also works with ``virtualenv``.

Reviewer: Python 3.6 or Python 3.7

> Now we can install `mindmeld` and its dependency:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now we can install `mindmeld` and its dependencies:
```

> Now we can install `mindmeld` and its dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we can install MindMeld and its dependencies:
```

```
pip install -e .
pip install -r dev-requirements.txt
pip install -r test-requirements.txt
```

> Finally we ae ready to run MindMeld static style checks and unit tests. Make sure that the [numerical parser and Elasticsearch](https://www.mindmeld.com/docs/userguide/getting_started.html) is running in the background.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally we are ready to run MindMeld static style checks and unit tests. Make sure that the [numerical parser and Elasticsearch](https://www.mindmeld.com/docs/userguide/getting_started.html) are running in the background.
```

> Finally we are ready to run MindMeld static style checks and unit tests. Make sure that the [numerical parser and Elasticsearch](https://www.mindmeld.com/docs/userguide/getting_started.html) are running in the background.

Reviewer: Flip these two sentences

```
./lintme
cd tests
pytest .
```

> After all changes are made and all tests are passed locally, commit the code changes and issue a PR against the [cisco/mindmeld](https://github.com/cisco/mindmeld) repo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After all changes are made and all tests are passed locally, commit the code changes to your fork and issue a PR against the [cisco/mindmeld](https://github.com/cisco/mindmeld) repo.
```

> After all changes are made and all tests are passed locally, commit the code changes to your fork and issue a PR against the [cisco/mindmeld](https://github.com/cisco/mindmeld) repo.

Reviewer: `After all changes are made and all tests are passed locally` -> `After all changes are made and all tests are passing locally`
